{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HELP!\
\
Welcome to The Shopping List and Meal Planner!\
\
The program is simple: you can create new recipes, store them, and create meal plans for your\
busy week. \
\
You will need to run the default package \'93As a Java Application\'94 to get started. Then you will be met with 4 options via the Main Menu:\
\
****************\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Select an task:\
\
1 - Enter a new Recipe.\
2 - Plan meals.\
3 - Create list.\
9 - Done.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ****************\
\
To enter a new recipe, select \'911 - Enter a new Recipe\'92, or just \'911\'92. Follow the prompts to enter an ingredient and its amount using a dash for the amount. \
\
Example:\
\
\'91Beans\'92\
\'911-can\'92\
\
-PRO TIP 1: You must use a dash, \'91-\'91 between your numbered amount and it\'92s type.\
\
Select \'910\'92 to complete the list of ingredients and their amounts. \
\
You will return to the Main Menu.\
\
****************\
\
Select \'912 - Plan Meals\'92, or just \'912\'92.\
\
You will need to enter the corresponding number for where you\'92d like to start meal planning. Example:\
\
\'911 - Sunday\'92 or \'911\'92\
\
The application will then let you pick from an existing list of your created meals. You may add any number of meals to a single day. When finished with the day, select \'910\'92. \
\
****************\
\
Select \'913 - Create list.\'92 Or just \'913\'92\
\
-PRO TIP 2: You must have completed a meal plan prior to exporting your items to the MealPlanner.txt file. \
\
Open the MealPlanner.txt file.\
\
Enjoy the results of your new shopping list and the added convenience and automation of meal planning. \
\
****************\
\
\
\
}